Deploy Self-Hosted GitHub Actions Runner on GCP Arm (#7)
odidev/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/github-on-arm/_index.md

---

> title:  Deploy Self-Hosted GitHub Actions Runner on GCP C4A (Arm64) Instance

Author: ```suggestion
title:  Deploy GitHub Actions Self-Hosted Runner on Google Axion C4A (Arm64) VM
```

 
minutes_to_complete: 30

> who_is_this_for: This Learning Path is for DevOps engineers, system administrators, or developers who want to deploy GitHub Actions Runner on GCP Arm64 instances.

Author: ```suggestion
who_is_this_for: This Learning Path is for DevOps engineers, system administrators, or developers who want to deploy GitHub Actions Self-Hosted Runner on the Google Axion C4A Arm VM.
```

learning_objectives:

>        - Provision an Arm64 VM on Google Cloud Platform using the Tau C4A instance family.

Author: Tau is a separate VM family. C4A is Google Axion processor family. Bot are different terminologies.
Simply write : "**Provision an Arm VM on the Google Cloud Platform using the C4A Google Axion instance family.**"

       - Set up and validate a GitHub Actions self-hosted runner on the Arm64 VM.

>        - Deploy a basic CI workflow and verify execution on Arm64 infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
       - Deploy a basic CI workflow with NGINX and verify the execution on the Arm infrastructure.
```
